Shoot not the messenger. It is within comprehension and not influence the cause to the effect.
Own your pain and you will be entitled to happiness.
What is punishment worth if it does not lead to redemption? It costs what is fair...
What is anger worth when there is no threat? It costs what is peaceful...
What is hating worth if there will never be loving? It costs the lightest virtue...
He who leads with fear, leads cowards.
He who teaches suffering, learned to suffer.
Drugs are addictive. Lying is a vice.
Smiling demands no effort. If it is genuine, it lingers after encounter.
Camels will go through the needle's eye before the rich (Matthew).
Violence dominates the brute before submission is announced.
The certainty of what has passed is not same as what is yet to pass.
The shadow behind a mask is given away by the mask's influence.
Our purpose might be misaligned but need not lack harmony.
The event became an excuse to practice what was concealed. There might still be good intentions.
Selfish are those who blame others. Responsibility is non-transferrable.
My satisfaction will never be your misfortune.
Believe me when I say, the light never goes out. At night, the moon and stars. In the midst of confusion, morality.
Stiff ones will be buried. In the world of the living, adaptation.
I do not need your metric, my validation got here first.
Yesterday's expensive shoes are worthless now, but may still be worn.
A striped hipoppotamus was never a zebra (Claude).
Once convicted, guilt becomes absent. Here lies the disadvantage of emprisonment.
A culture that does not welcome diversity is not bound by acceptance.
Blind are those who condemn life to death. An eye for an eye still allows for sight.
He who suffers sober, suffers intoxicated.
Potential never shrinks, time strengthens it and it becomes legacy.
May thoughts and feelings be forever guided by ethics.
Institutes built upon fear are bound to collapse. The palace of wisdom never leaves it's own domain.
Loss needs not be seen as unfortunate.
When gossip brings virtue, ostracism follows.
Anger degrades your cultivation twice more than the violence.
I am responsible for that which entails my influence, not yours.
Friendlies and friends are different things.
He who harbors enmity is the enemy.
He who comprehends the nature of the threat will be apt to decide.
He who disrespects the life that threatens, will be forgotten in death.
After life there is no resting, such satisfaction belongs to the wise.
If you are going on a pilgrimage, the first day will be most difficult.
When harmony is expressed, it overflows from comprehension.
Innovation is another instance of what already exists.
Try if you may but do not insist on elaborating your values to those with divergent purposes.
Insistence is torture. The answer has been given.
Prisoners are those who insist with passion.
Subconscious? Below conscience only physiological functions.
I serve my satisfaction and where it is hosted.
Complicated when I think, simple when I define.
Denying someone's contribution does not express power - just your opinion.
Run if you wish to catch up, rest when you have gone too far.
From your step derives pace. Great is he who cares for his feet.
He who lives expecting is disappointed with reality.
Insisting on punishment beyond the due date, what is the cause to this passion? Fear.
Legacy resounds beyond the martyr's life.
Controlling parents raise children who lack control.
In the midst of every society: family.
Nature manifests hierarchy when sons and daughters bury their parents. Convention will be challenged otherwise.
Until now I have never seen a person command the sea's vastness.
Truth is startled by insults and violence.
Indomitable and serene he who serves without violence.
Exaggeration indicates the complex whence came the influence.
Laughing of the truth is an act of despair.
If it brought satisfaction, then it was fair. Dissatisfaction comes with uneven proportion.
Useful is the void in the cup. The other part only designates a cup.
Your suffering is the foundation of your legacy. Wise will be the owner.
Between the heavens and fires below, my very own point-of-view.
On the scale of justice bares: the victim punishment's burden, and the criminal forgiveness.
My guilt is your shame if you are a coward.
He who's influence does not indicate his own comprehension strays from the proper path.
To he who is being punished or punishes himself: do you think it is hopeless or does it feel hopeless? Fear not the value of your answer.
Generous is the influence without expectations.
Tangible hell, abstract heavens.
Condemn the rotting tree, not the apple that fell.
